listen so in my opinion the first peter
rabbit was a pleasant surprise that only
popped up in my radar because they
baited parents into boycotting it
because of a certain scene
and now they're back with a sequel meant
to save cinemas but also call out
every critic who had beef with the first
let me explain
so in the first the big fight was
between peter and his new soon-to-be
human father
tom as he's getting ready to marry his
owner who's also found success in the
book that she made about the rabbits so
that it covers the rent
even though it was their land to begin
with now that they're married in the
sequel
and have a successful book they get
approached by david o'yellow's character
named nigel who has these wild ideas to
expand the sequel
and create a whole franchise but here
comes a thorn in rose and domino's
relationship
rose's character is named to be after
the original series author beatrix
potter
and here she doesn't want to capitalize
on her book in fear that a dumb american
might direct the eventual movie that's
where he becomes very self-aware which
is
something director will gluck is
absolutely no stranger to the studio
hates all of that anything about
self-awareness anything about critics
they absolutely hate and and i just put
it in despite them
i think they spited back by marketing
the movie with
bunnies reacting like i said a lot of it
was actually inspired by the bad reviews
from the first one
and all the various complaints and i get
the frustrations from the filmmakers
like a lot of people claimed he didn't
pay his respects when he did in his way
all of the easter eggs that were there
were just ignored amidst all the
criticism
and even more so they called out the
fact that people don't actually remember
what was in the books
they have like a different vision of it
so it was never going to butter the
brits biscuits
but it is also a kids movie so as much
as i want to complain about certain
things like
how a rabbit doesn't have the ability to
turn a doorknob like the next scene is
also a deer talking on a roof so
you just sound like a goof that doesn't
mean it's exempt from critique
personally
i like the novelty of the first a lot
more and it's clear that a lot of the
bits here
are again coming as a reaction from the
bad reviews from the first with them
even cutting out a bit that i wish they
had left and where they read back
reviews of the first
book which i think would have tied it
better for viewers the ironic thing is
though
is that after all the letters and all
the complaints all the critiques that
they got for the first one
it was james corden's parents who
actually wrote a letter to a critic
to hear you describe our son as
appallingly irritating
is your review of peter rabbit within
the context of peter rabbit was very
difficult to listen to
my voice isn't annoying right i don't
know i just
i think it's a little funny especially
when it's coming from the dude who was
licking himself as a cat
okay and yet you embarrass me you that's
what i say to you
in terms of the family it's still a
stacked voice cast growing up
my sisters and i were massive beatrix
potter fans just
not enough to come back for the sequel
elizabeth to becky and margot robbie do
return as mopsy and flopsy who are
trying to find their individuality from
each other you're just saying that to be
different
i'm not drink some more then
why is it spicy it's the marketing in
the sequel though that gets to peter the
most with them wanting to pitch him as
the mischief maker or the bad seed
and he starts loathing their green day
they're even playing some dominic fike
in the back
as he starts to believe that he is truly
that rotten apple and while i know that
it's commenting on predispositions and
how that influences behavior
honestly this rabbit is a looney tune i
would never put you in danger
i promise okay i can't promise we're
gonna go and rob this place you know
you're out i know we're personifying
rabbits but
in reality these little buggers are
serial killers with the way that they
react
rabbits they you can tell in their eyes
they're supposed to be cute
on paper they're adorable lovable
animals if you put a rabbit brain in a
human body
you you have michael myers the person
who gets it the most would be gleeson's
character of tom
they had this man tumbling fumbling and
grumbling the whole movie
he looked wackier than those inflatables
as they had his body tweaking all over
the place
like this man sprained his ankle on the
first day of set and it seems like it's
in his contract to get boxed out in
everything he's in recently
hey oh wow
now getting into spoilers for columbia
pictures 3d live action computer
animated adventure comedy
peter rabbit 2 the runaway we see him
eventually meet a street rabbit named
barnabas who claims to have known
peter's father
and he builds a connection with him as
he teaches peter how to get captured and
adopted
in order to parasite the households that
take him in and there's a nice little
heist movie in the middle of it all that
was pretty fun before you realize that
the one being duped
is peter like he's the one who gets out
savage it turns out that barnabas is
upset
that he's too old and that kids now
prefer the younger spunkier peter
who has all the spotlight kind of like
the old heads who are men that they're
not seeing
what they want up on the billboards
these days and so on the final heist
barnabas sets up peter's family to get
taken by animal control
and because peter's a late late show he
doesn't arrive in time to save his
family
as for that board meeting that we've
been seeing throughout the entire movie
gets together for the follow-up book for
b and literally pitches the ending of
the movie
that you're watching which i have
complete footage for because the real
life studio cut up a trailer that
set up the last 10 minutes to seem like
it was the entire movie like it gets
close to just mimicking chipwrecked
since they all want to see that
squeequal money so they go on a road
trip to reunite this family and illegit
goes from an oceans movie to the
fast and furry this is crazy i did wish
that the voice reveal between peter and
tom was funnier since they have been
hyping that up since the first movie
like i feel like now that they
understand each other there's a whole
other level of jokes there
but the vegan propaganda with the fox
that was just too goofy for me
having the rooster pull a desmond hume
with a son though hilarious up kid we
have a job to do
overall i still think that the first is
a little better and funnier but
it does showcase the differences in
adaptations when handled by the brits
for americans
that clash between preferences and
overall box office
and that thin line between compromising
or tarnishing a classic
in the end it still holds the themes of
family like the first one did while
dissecting the oppression of labels and
realizing that sometimes you can learn
more from your mistakes
than you can your successes that said it
doesn't hold a carrot to paddington
thank you all for checking out this
video and i'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comments
section
i would also recommend this great
interview with one of the best critics
out there kermad who
brought gluck onto the show and they
were talking about the critic versus
filmmaker mentality and approach and
honestly it's one of the best things
that came out of the sequel i think it's
fantastic it's a fantastic listen so
definitely check it out i'll be linking
it down below
uh but i'm curious to know your thoughts
on it i know that they're already
writing a third so i'm very curious to
see where they're gonna take it if it's
gonna have the energy and the hops to
continue you know dominating at the box
office like it's able to
always making bank it's money but uh
we'll see how it goes uh let me know
your thoughts on whether you thought
this one was better than the first one
if you even care about these at all or
if there's an other live action mix
animation out there that you like more
other than that definitely let me know
your thoughts on this or any other
movies down below in the comment section
and until next time don't forget to
comment like and subscribe
and pop that bottle of champagne in the
fridge